David therefore departed from there and
David therefore departed from there and escaped to the cave of Adeline so when
escaped to the cave of Adeline so when
escaped to the cave of Adeline so when his brothers and all his father's house
his brothers and all his father's house
his brothers and all his father's house heard it they went down there to him and
heard it they went down there to him and
heard it they went down there to him and everyone who was in distress everyone
everyone who was in distress everyone
everyone who was in distress everyone who was in debt and everyone who was
who was in debt and everyone who was
who was in debt and everyone who was discontented gathered to him so he
discontented gathered to him so he
discontented gathered to him so he became captain over them and there were
became captain over them and there were
became captain over them and there were about 400 men with him then David went
about 400 men with him then David went
about 400 men with him then David went from there to misper of Moab and he said
from there to misper of Moab and he said
from there to misper of Moab and he said to the king of Moab please let my father
to the king of Moab please let my father
to the king of Moab please let my father and mother come here with you till I
and mother come here with you till I
and mother come here with you till I know what God will do for me so he
know what God will do for me so he
know what God will do for me so he brought them before the king of Moab and
brought them before the king of Moab and
brought them before the king of Moab and they dwelt with him all the time that
they dwelt with him all the time that
they dwelt with him all the time that David was in the stronghold now the
David was in the stronghold now the
David was in the stronghold now the Prophet gad said to david do not stay in
Prophet gad said to david do not stay in
Prophet gad said to david do not stay in the stronghold depart and go to the land
the stronghold depart and go to the land
the stronghold depart and go to the land of judah so david departed and went into
of judah so david departed and went into
of judah so david departed and went into the forest of heareth
when Saul heard that David and the man
when Saul heard that David and the man who were with him had been discovered
who were with him had been discovered
who were with him had been discovered now Saul was staying in Gibeon under a
now Saul was staying in Gibeon under a
now Saul was staying in Gibeon under a tamarisk tree in Ramah with his spear in
tamarisk tree in Ramah with his spear in
tamarisk tree in Ramah with his spear in his hand and all his servants standing
his hand and all his servants standing
his hand and all his servants standing about him then saul said to his servants
about him then saul said to his servants
about him then saul said to his servants who stood about him here now you
who stood about him here now you
who stood about him here now you Benjamites will the son of jesse give
Benjamites will the son of jesse give
Benjamites will the son of jesse give every one of you fields and vineyards
every one of you fields and vineyards
every one of you fields and vineyards and make you all captains of thousands
and make you all captains of thousands
and make you all captains of thousands and captains of hundreds all of you have
and captains of hundreds all of you have
and captains of hundreds all of you have conspired against me and there is no one
conspired against me and there is no one
conspired against me and there is no one who reveals to me that my son has made a
who reveals to me that my son has made a
who reveals to me that my son has made a covenant with the son of Jesse and there
covenant with the son of Jesse and there
covenant with the son of Jesse and there is enough one of you who is sorry for me
is enough one of you who is sorry for me
is enough one of you who is sorry for me or reveals to me that my son has stirred
or reveals to me that my son has stirred
or reveals to me that my son has stirred up my servant against me to lie in wait
up my servant against me to lie in wait
up my servant against me to lie in wait as it is this day then answered Doeg the
as it is this day then answered Doeg the
as it is this day then answered Doeg the Edomite
Edomite
Edomite who was set over the servants of Saul I
who was set over the servants of Saul I
who was set over the servants of Saul I saw the son of Jesse going to knob to
saw the son of Jesse going to knob to
saw the son of Jesse going to knob to him alack the son of a high tub and he
him alack the son of a high tub and he
him alack the son of a high tub and he inquired of the Lord for him gave him
inquired of the Lord for him gave him
inquired of the Lord for him gave him provisions and gave him the sword of
provisions and gave him the sword of
provisions and gave him the sword of Goliath the Philistine so the king sent
Goliath the Philistine so the king sent
Goliath the Philistine so the king sent to call a hymn aaalac the priest the son
to call a hymn aaalac the priest the son
to call a hymn aaalac the priest the son of a heightened and all his father's
of a heightened and all his father's
of a heightened and all his father's house the priests who were in Nob and
house the priests who were in Nob and
house the priests who were in Nob and they all came to the king and Saul said
they all came to the king and Saul said
they all came to the king and Saul said here now son of a high tub Here I am my
here now son of a high tub Here I am my
here now son of a high tub Here I am my lord why have you conspired against me
lord why have you conspired against me
lord why have you conspired against me you and the son of Jesse in that you
you and the son of Jesse in that you
you and the son of Jesse in that you have given him bread and a sword and
have given him bread and a sword and
have given him bread and a sword and have inquired of God for him that he
have inquired of God for him that he
have inquired of God for him that he should rise against me to lie in wait as
should rise against me to lie in wait as
should rise against me to lie in wait as it is this day and who among all your
it is this day and who among all your
it is this day and who among all your servants is as faithful as David who is
servants is as faithful as David who is
servants is as faithful as David who is the king's son in law who goes at your
the king's son in law who goes at your
the king's son in law who goes at your bidding and is honorable in your house
bidding and is honorable in your house
bidding and is honorable in your house did I then begin to inquire of God for
did I then begin to inquire of God for
did I then begin to inquire of God for him far be it from
him far be it from
him far be it from me let not the King impute anything to
me let not the King impute anything to
me let not the King impute anything to his servant or to any in the house of my
his servant or to any in the house of my
his servant or to any in the house of my father for your servant knew nothing of
father for your servant knew nothing of
father for your servant knew nothing of all this little or much you shall surely
all this little or much you shall surely
all this little or much you shall surely Jaya him alack you and all your father's
Jaya him alack you and all your father's
Jaya him alack you and all your father's house and the King said to the guards
house and the King said to the guards
house and the King said to the guards who stood about him turn and kill the
who stood about him turn and kill the
who stood about him turn and kill the priests of the Lord because their hand
priests of the Lord because their hand
priests of the Lord because their hand also is with David and because they knew
also is with David and because they knew
also is with David and because they knew when he fled and did not tell it to me
when he fled and did not tell it to me
when he fled and did not tell it to me but the servants of the King would not
but the servants of the King would not
but the servants of the King would not lift their hands to strike the priests
lift their hands to strike the priests
lift their hands to strike the priests of the Lord and the king said to do egg
of the Lord and the king said to do egg
of the Lord and the king said to do egg you turn and kill the priests so doing
you turn and kill the priests so doing
you turn and kill the priests so doing the Edomite turned and struck the
the Edomite turned and struck the
the Edomite turned and struck the priests and killed on that day 85 men
priests and killed on that day 85 men
priests and killed on that day 85 men who wore a linen ephod also nob the city
who wore a linen ephod also nob the city
who wore a linen ephod also nob the city of the priests he struck with the edge
of the priests he struck with the edge
of the priests he struck with the edge of the sword both men and women children
of the sword both men and women children
of the sword both men and women children and nursing infants oxen and donkeys and
and nursing infants oxen and donkeys and
and nursing infants oxen and donkeys and sheep with the edge of the sword now one
sheep with the edge of the sword now one
sheep with the edge of the sword now one of the sons of a himalaya the son of a
of the sons of a himalaya the son of a
of the sons of a himalaya the son of a high tub named abathur
high tub named abathur
high tub named abathur escaped and fled after david and a by
escaped and fled after david and a by
escaped and fled after david and a by atha told David that Saul had killed the
atha told David that Saul had killed the
atha told David that Saul had killed the Lord's priests so David said to a by
Lord's priests so David said to a by
Lord's priests so David said to a by atha I knew that day when Doeg the
atha I knew that day when Doeg the
atha I knew that day when Doeg the Edomite was there that he would surely
Edomite was there that he would surely
Edomite was there that he would surely tell Saul I have caused the death of all
tell Saul I have caused the death of all
tell Saul I have caused the death of all the persons of your father's house stay
the persons of your father's house stay
the persons of your father's house stay with me
with me
with me do not fear for he who seeks my life
do not fear for he who seeks my life
do not fear for he who seeks my life seeks your life but with me you shall be
seeks your life but with me you shall be
seeks your life but with me you shall be safe
safe
safe you